We propose to make an arcade-survival action game in virtual reality using Unity. In this game, the objective of the player will be to survive waves of enemies for as long as possible and to earn as many points as possible before they are overwhelmed by the game's steadily increasing difficulty. 

The player will start in an arena with a bow and arrow as their main weapon, and they will have the ability to teleport short distances around the arena to avoid the enemies that spawn regularly. There will be different classes of enemies which may require specific strategies to overcome, and with this, the player will have the opportunity to obtain power-ups around the arena, such as an exploding arrow to be used on groups of enemies. The enemies themselves will not be humanoid in form, but will look like various types of generic monsters.

To implement this game, we will use Unity 2019 along with the Steam VR Unity Plugin (using the Steam VR 2.0 Interaction System) which will make working with the VR elements of the game modular and as simple as possible. We will use free, publicly available assets wherever possible, and we may create our own 3D models and/or textures/materials using Blender. For testing, we will use the Oculus Rift S for the final build of each sprint, but for individual testing we will make the game also work with regular PC first-person-shooter controls (WASD movement and mouse-look) using a simple in-game gun. Since each enemy will only have 1 health point we should be able to test the game effectively using the same scripts for bow the VR bow-and-arrow and the FPS gun. 

We hope this project will give us valuable experience working with the cutting edge technology of VR.